The file "ACPowerOutput.mat" includes hourly PV output profiles for ten different locations in Switzerland.
These profiles were generated using PV_LIB, a PV modeling toolbox from Sandia National Laboratories,
and based on weather measurements from Meteoswiss, the Swiss weather service.
We added Brownian motion and Gaussian white noise to these profiles to increase the forecast error, 
allowing us to highlight the implications of forecast error. We also modify the data to ensure no
monthly bias compared to the forecast (for each location independently, and considering the average of 
the forecast scenarios).

The first 10 cells of this Matlab file are (8760x1) hourly vectors for the year 2013, and the 
11th and last cell is a (8760x1) vector of the time stamps. 





The file "'ACPowerEnsembleForecast2013.mat" includes the ensemble forecast scenarios for the same locations
and the same time period. These profiles were generated using PV_LIB and based on weather forecast
scenarios from Meteoswiss, generated by the COSMO-LEPS model [1]. This forecast is made up of 16 scenarios
covering a horizon of 132 hours, and new scenarios are generated every 12 hours. This update rate
corresponds to the release of 730 sets of forecast scenarios over one year (730=8760/12).

The Matlab object is a 13x730x16 cell. The last dimension corresponds to the different forecast scenarios,
the second dimension corresponds to the different release (i.e. the first one is released on January 1st 
at 00:00, the second one on January 1st at 12:00, etc.). The positions 1 to 10 of the first dimension
corresponds to the ten locations, the 11th position indicates the time stamp profile (YYYYMMDDHH) 
corresponding to a forecast release, the 12th position indicates the look-ahead time with respect to the 
release time, and the 13th position indicates the forecast release time. Note that the information included in 
these last three positions is redundant: only two out of these three sources are needed.





For both files the profiles are expressed in kWh (generated over one hour), and they are scaled to the 
same base.  





The file "HourlyTimeVector2013.mat" include the time stamps for the simulation, in a convenient format. 


[1] http://www2.cosmo-model.org/content/tasks/operational/leps/default.htm


Contact: olivier.megel@gmail.com
